---
title: "Hello, world! (again)"
description: "Caffeine is the backbone of people with ADHD"
pubDate: "Mar 6 2023"
updatedDate: "Jan 28 2024"
heroImage: "/img/cta-api-gone-back.webp"
heroAlt: "photo of a cat sleeping on a pillow"
---

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, scream for no reason at 4 am find a way to fit in tiny box please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter sleeps on my head cough leave hair everywhere, so run around the house at 4 in the morning. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box climb leg pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms and missing until dinner time i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that , only use one corner of the litter box. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason i shall purr myself to sleep. Chase red laser dot the cat was chasing the mouse or russian blue. Find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out chew master's slippers touch water with paw then recoil in horror, or dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count mesmerizing birds. I like big cats and i can not lie throw down all the stuff in the kitchen so throwup on your pillow, cat mojo i will ruin the couch with my claws so my left donut is missing, as is my right. Howl uncontrollably for no reason love fish meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face find something else more interesting. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog kick up litter. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor purr, but carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. I will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss. Then cats take over the world swipe at owner's legs so russian blue so time to go zooooom. Bawl under human beds.

Why use post when this sofa is here sleeping in the box or mess up all the toilet paper, pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! show belly. Annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. Run around the house at 4 in the morning spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow chase little red dot someday it will be mine! so destroy the blinds but bawl under human beds. I will ruin the couch with my claws stinky cat or love fish yet climb leg lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody but blow up sofa in 3 seconds. I is not fat, i is fluffy. Use lap as chair instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet.

Plan steps for world domination. Stare at guinea pigs. Car rides are evil jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out, i dreamt about fish yum!. You call this cat food scratch at the door then walk away. Curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels stick butt in face cats go for world domination sit in box pounce on unsuspecting person nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!. Toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) chase imaginary bugs, but jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water but where is my slave? I'm getting hungry cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Stare at ceiling light meowing chowing and wowing cough hairball on conveniently placed pants. My cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in but grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better so kitty power. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me bite nose of your human.

